and that people like I hope it's very
well if you welcome to a new ideal of
today I am going to selection and the day of
today we come with a pack opening here in
the channel the second of the channel but good
before starting with all this I want
tell them that I ask for an apology
since I do not upload videos in more than 10
days but the reasons were many in
first I went on vacation after I
I think sick and even now I'm still
sick then if the voice is heard
a little different is for the same reason
but the finger and grow that pack open
taxes that today went the scams of
xixón and it's very important not if I can
I will do more tomorrow or the day after tomorrow I do not know
how much time goes nasal just says that
for time remove limit it
but good is that not and also if
they want to buy coins on the page that
is in the description you can
find very very good prices the
true for all types of consoles since
playstation computer either xbox one
can use the code that also
is down to receive a 5 for
percent discount on your purchase but
good people let's start the video of
today and we go there and then again here
we have the team of the week that we
presented today there are players
interesting and others not so much me the day
today I would like to look for de gea well
like a rooney it would not be bad the truth
obviously I think rooney is the best
of the whole team and here we have
all those who present us in the eleven
initial as well as their respective
banking
there are also founders good fliers
He is a great player but good people for
not be longer this video we go on
look for those guys that if they're good I'll
to open four packages of these from the
of 15 thousand and already what I get with
discard something sold or sell some
player of something that has left me I will
buy some 7,500 to see what
it comes out to us and nothing people go with the
first sachet
Let's see if something good comes out
I hope so
not even if it's not a guy you say something
can be seen at least for
retrieve the novels so let's go to the
people first men the little ball and
and we always start badly in this kind of
things
we have not had absolutely anything
and I hope to get it is the hand of the
What are they
twice as big but good
mode
second about let's the people we wait
what will there be if something good comes out so
less with the one of today although it is not scams
decision but something that costs is a
little expensive at least
OMG
nothing nothing people because this happens to me
nothing is touching me
I never get anything in reality and I
I have few coins
I have so many coins
his mouth more for colleagues of this one but
I also do not have the best luck
of the world
third about people the last one we're going to
open of those of 15 thousand and already
later because to live of 7 500 they go
Let's see what's up
new to touch anything
Good vibes on books
crash
I do not know how much it sells could give
in the game of 10,000
now we know checking agreement when
cost
but good cross
it's something something is something
when about people come from rooms
about the fourth envelope we have seven
of the ten that they give us
my god we see that something good comes out
please
ros has been the best thing that has come out
so I can tell you our things
I think I'm line and fellaini fellini
sells for something
croatia the best I will buy zinc
urgent to eat 5 and I do not know how many of
7,500 I'm going to buy 5 to move away
this a little better
the hopes here so the last
about 15 thousand coins that I will come
people and then I saw if I open 7,500
or if we do not already leave it like this
results is bad in me is bad
I can not say more so
anything that is not a single player or
only one that is serious
good one on a free envelope here
is ronaldo christian people are what
we open and I'm going to open one plus one of
15,000 because not and already do the last
because the truth is to spend the coins on
many envelopes that just a ripoff
but good last about people
please let's let something come out
something comes out I already lost hope
they are about free but then since
the more you leave you can leave now
I do not expect anything more
does not know and is the second to say
what do i do and good
nothing does not come out
and can not say
I do not intend to open more of these
15,000 the truth
it was too much
let's open for free that did not come out
I hope something good comes out is an envelope
normal gold but then good people no no
we had the luck today in this
pack opening so good at least this
something normal rose the line
but good people up here the video
I hope you liked it I will try
do another for tomorrow or
the day after tomorrow when the types of
sun but good I hope that I have
liked this video comments register and
of like and well people make a month and
it came out some good player no longer be
that is not rudder decision if it came out
some good player in some envelope that
have opened lately I would be interested
quite to know that they have left but
well then
even if it is used, comment subscribe and
thank you and the selection and here I
dismissal see you the other video bay